NAME
    Kwiki - The Kwiki Wiki Building Framework

SYNOPSIS
        > kwiki -new cgi-bin/my-kwiki

        Kwiki software installed! Point your browser at this location.

NOTE
    If you are impatient (don't worry, that's a good thing!) read
    Kwiki::Command to get the details on how to install and configure a new
    Kwiki wiki in record time.

DESCRIPTION
    A Wiki is a website that allows its users to add pages, and edit any
    existing pages. It is one of the most popular forms of web
    collaboration. If you are new to wiki, visit
    http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?WelcomeVisitors which is possibly the oldest
    wiki, and has lots of information about how wikis work.

    Kwiki is a Perl wiki implementation based on the Spoon application
    architecture and using the Spiffy object orientation model. The major
    goals of Kwiki are that it be easy to install, maintain and extend.

    All the features of a Kwiki wiki come from plugin modules. The base
    installation comes with the bare minimum plugins to make a working
    Kwiki. To make a really nice Kwiki installation you need to install
    additional plugins. Which plugins you pick is entirely up to you.
    Another goal of Kwiki is that every installation will be unique. When
    there are hundreds of plugins available, this will hopefully be the
    case.

CGI::Kwiki
    Kwiki is the successor of the popular CGI::Kwiki software. It is a
    complete refactoring of that code. The new code has a lovely plugin API
    and is much cleaner and extendable on all fronts.

    There is currently no automated way to upgrade a CGI::Kwiki installation
    to Kwiki. It's actually quite easy to do by hand. Instructions on how to
    do it are here: http://www.kwiki.org/?KwikiMigrationByHand

DOCUMENTATION
    All of the future Kwiki module documentation is being written at the
    http://doc.kwiki.org/ wiki. Check there for the latest doc, and help
    improve it. Each successive release of Kwiki will include the latest doc
    from that site.

CREDITS
    I am currently employed by Socialtext, Inc. They make high quality
    social software for enterprise deployment. Socialtext has a bold new
    vision of building their products over Open Source software and
    returning the generic source code to the community. This results in a
    win/win effect for both entities. You get this shiny new wiki framework,
    and Socialtext can take advantage of your plugins and bug fixes.

    The Kwiki project would not be where it is now without their support. I
    thank them.

    Of particular note, Dave Rolsky and Chris Dent are two current
    Socialtext employees that have made significant contributions to Kwiki.

     ---

    Iain Truskett was probably the most active Kwiki community hacker before
    his untimely death in December 2003. The underlying foundation of Kwiki
    has been named "Spoon" in his honor. Rest in peace Spoon.

     ---

    Ian (what's with all these Iai?ns??) Langworth has become a new Kwiki
    warrior. He helped a lot with the maiden release. Expect a lot of
    plugins to come from him! Thanks Ian.

     ---

    Finally, big props to all the folks on http://www.kwiki.org and
    irc://irc.freenode.net/#kwiki. Thanks for all the support!

SEE ALSO
    Kwiki::Command

AUTHOR
    Brian Ingerson <INGY@cpan.org>

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (c) 2004. Brian Ingerson. All rights reserved.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

    See http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html

